Update benchmarks index.md (#1160)
redis/docs: content/operate/oss_and_stack/management/optimization/benchmarks/index.md

important to evaluate the functional and technical differences, and take them
in account.

> + Redis is a server, hence, all commands involve network round trips. Embedded data stores do not involve network and protocol managements. To compare such products against Redis, apples to apples, command execution times should be used instead of end-to-end times.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
+ Redis is a server, hence, all commands involve network round trips. Embedded data stores do not involve network and protocol management. When comparing such products to Redis, command execution times should be used instead of end-to-end times.
```
